# 11 days until McAllen

This weekend we attend our annual Week 0 Scrimmage in The Woodlands and Pearadox’s Pre-Inspection. Both events we brought the competition robot for the first time which should set us up for success this season. We got a lot of good testing and below I’ll address each subsystem.

# Shooter

- Cooks. Well almost. The kicker wheels are jamming a bit but we have some simple ideas we think can solve this. Nothing too major that shouldn’t take much change. I think this one can be checked and marked as done.

# Twindexer

- Also cooks. We will look at tweaking it a bit more too with the kicker wheels but we don’t think we’ll change anything….execept add some motor covers that have been on the to-do list for almost a month now…..

# Climber

- We didn't test it this weekend as it wasn't high on our list of things to work on or need for McAllen. We have tested it back at school and know we might need to tweak some things but are confident it will be good to go if needed.

# Programming

- They still have some work to do but pose estimation is working well, all the subsystems work together well and the only thing really important left is auto routines. There might be some more tuning that needs to be done with variable shooting and tracking but the main focus is autos.

# Intake

- ……*sigh*….where do I begin? This system has been our Achilles heel all build season and it’s scary because it’s so important to our robot. Initially we had roller pulley issues from the motor to the rollers. We addressed that first thing at Pearland and we thought we would be fine, but the first mock match we ran, the whole back roller comes out of the bearing and hole. This is mostly likely because the whole intake is very floppy and flimsy. Sudden movements cause it to shake very aggressively. To add on to that, the kicker bar doesn’t allow for us to fully retract the intake to be in frame perimeter. So this is priority number \-1 right now as we really need to get this working or it could cost us. Everything on the robot depends on the intake (except the climber and drive, but you know what I mean) so we need to get this right. 

Outside of that, the robot weighs in at 114.97 lbs today. This was without the climber motor attached. So it’s safe today Goldfire is gonna be going on a diet between now and McAllen.

(That joke is funny because our robot can't eat!!!!)